template/README.md, before:

# JupiterOne Integration

## Development Environment

### Prerequisites

You must have Node.JS installed to run this project. If you don't already have
it installed, you can can download the installer
[here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). You can alternatively install Node.JS
using a version manager like [fnm](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm) or
[nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).

### Setup

#### Installing dependencies

From the root of this project, run `npm install` to install dependencies. If you
have `yarn` installed, you can install dependencies by running `yarn`.

#### Loading credentials

Create a `.env` file at the root of this project and add environment variables
to match what is in `src/instanceConfigFields.json`. The `.env` file is ignored
by git, so you won't have to worry about accidentally pushing credentials.

Given this example configuration:

```json
{
  "clientId": {
    "type": "string"
  },
  "clientSecret": {
    "type": "string",
    "mask": true
  }
}
```

You would provide a `.env` file like this:

```bash
CLIENT_ID="client-id"
CLIENT_SECRET="supersecret"
```

The snake cased environment variables will automatically be converted and
applied to the camel cased configuration field. So for example, `CLIENT_ID` will
apply to the `clientId` config field, `CLIENT_SECRET` will apply to
`clientSecret`, and `MY_SUPER_SECRET_CONFIGURATION_VALUE` will apply to a
`mySuperSecretConfigurationValue` configuration field.

## Running the integration

To start collecting data, run `yarn start` from the root of the project. This
will load in your configuration and execute the steps stored in `src/steps`.

## Project structure

This is the expected project structure for running integrations.

```
src/
  /instanceConfigFields.json
  /validateInvocation.ts
  /getStepStartStates.ts
  steps/
    exampleStep.ts
    // add additional steps here
```

Each of the files listed above contribute to creating an
[integration configuration](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk/blob/master/docs/development.md#the-integration-framework).

Additional files can be placed under `src` and referenced from each of the
integration files.

The template project hosted
[here](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk/tree/master/template)
provides a simple example of how an integration can be setup.

## Development Docs

Please reference the `@jupiterone/integration-sdk`
[development documentation](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk/blob/master/docs/development.md)
for more information on how to build integrations.

Commit message:

Add docs directory to template
Added stub development, data model, and authentication docs
to the template. The goals is to encourage developers to write
documentation as they build out integrations.

template/README.md, after:

# JupiterOne Integration

## Development Environment

### Prerequisites

You must have Node.JS installed to run this project. If you don't already have
it installed, you can can download the installer
[here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). You can alternatively install Node.JS
using a version manager like [fnm](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm) or
[nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).

### Setup

#### Installing dependencies

From the root of this project, run `npm install` to install dependencies. If you
have `yarn` installed, you can install dependencies by running `yarn`.

#### Loading credentials

Create a `.env` file at the root of this project and add environment variables
to match what is in `src/instanceConfigFields.json`. The `.env` file is ignored
by git, so you won't have to worry about accidentally pushing credentials.

Given this example configuration:

```json
{
  "clientId": {
    "type": "string"
  },
  "clientSecret": {
    "type": "string",
    "mask": true
  }
}
```

You would provide a `.env` file like this:

```bash
CLIENT_ID="client-id"
CLIENT_SECRET="supersecret"
```

The snake cased environment variables will automatically be converted and
applied to the camel cased configuration field. So for example, `CLIENT_ID` will
apply to the `clientId` config field, `CLIENT_SECRET` will apply to
`clientSecret`, and `MY_SUPER_SECRET_CONFIGURATION_VALUE` will apply to a
`mySuperSecretConfigurationValue` configuration field.

## Running the integration

To start collecting data, run `yarn start` from the root of the project. This
will load in your configuration and execute the steps stored in `src/steps`.

## Project structure

This is the expected project structure for running integrations.

```
src/
  /instanceConfigFields.json
  /validateInvocation.ts
  /getStepStartStates.ts
  steps/
    exampleStep.ts
    // add additional steps here
```

Each of the files listed above contribute to creating an
[integration configuration](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk/blob/master/docs/development.md#the-integration-framework).

Additional files can be placed under `src` and referenced from each of the
integration files.

The template project hosted
[here](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk/tree/master/template)
provides a simple example of how an integration can be setup.

## Documentation

### Development

Please reference the `@jupiterone/integration-sdk`
[development documentation](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk/blob/master/docs/development.md)
for more information on how to use the SDK.

See [docs/development.md](docs/development.md) for details about how to get
started with developing this integration.

### Provider resource coverage

More information about the resources covered by this integration can be found at
[docs/data-model.md](docs/data-model.md).

### Changelog

The history of this integration's development can be viewed at
[CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).
